Kadri is a student of National High School in Fruitsland. He have great interest in computer programming and problem solving.He wants to be a good computer programmer and for this he takes his 'Programming for Beginners' course very seriously in school. 

However, he was so confused about various terms of programming. For example, during the programming instructor added some line on top and used some functions thats not defined in the program. Instructor called it library function. Kadri get confused, why we call them library function? From where the coming from and how can we make them? 
Kadri felt miserable when he tries to think about program flow and how output is calculated from code. This two things mentioned here are just example that makes Kadri's dream to become a good programmer difficult and he also have felt depressed about other programming concept like variables, conditionals, looping etc. 

Kadri's situation worsen when covid 2019 pandemic hit and his school started teaching online. In online learning environment, his interaction with instructor get much reduced. 
In the mean time, there is a good news, Kadri got a new Occulus Quest headset as a gift from his uncle. He used it to play VR games, watch 360 degree videos and watch 2D videos in a big screen like environment. After couple of fun days with his new VR headset, he got a new idea about his passion to learn programming. He thinks what if there is a solution in VR that teach programming concept in VR environment. That can solve his confusion with various programming term with VR objects, where he can play with VR objects to solve programming challenges, see how program get executed step by step, that can teach interactively why different programming concept comes into the picture and why those concept named as their name. He also wants to play various 2D programming lesson videos about the concept inside the VR environment and take notes from them. He also wants to have those notes available in some place of internet where he can logged in and see those or download it. 

Kadri also think that after completion of the VR based programming learning, It would be really cool if he can also be assesed by his instructor inside in the VR environment. 
